hey youtube to carlisle tech here and
today i was gonna bring you an unboxing
of the sony MDR XB 500 extra base 40
millimeter driver headphones and I
filmed it and then about five seconds
before I finished filming it said one in
you're running low on disk space and it
only says that once i'm actually out of
disk space and then i stopped recording
and then it like froze for a couple of
seconds and then it didn't save the
video um not even a part of it at all so
I'm kind of bummed out about that so i
guess i'm going to try to reenact the
unboxing even though i already
unpackaged everything and that's I'm
really frustrated because I've been I
mean I ordered these March twelfth and
they finally arrived and what the day I
ordered them I was excited I was like
okay cool I can make my first unboxing
and now it you know I can't do that
because my phone ran out of his face so
now I know I got to get the 32 gig
iphone next time I get in phone said it
was like I said I ordered these almost a
month ago but instead of paying for
eighty dollars from them at best buy i
got them for fifty dollars off amazon so
i guess it was worth waiting almost a
month to save thirty dollars so here's
the box that it came in and for there
were a bunch of these things in here and
then these headphones for packaged a lot
nicer in all this
cardboard and such but like I said my
phone ran out of space and yay so I'm
here take this off here it says the name
and stuff and then here are the
headphones I tried them on on bestbuy
before and they're extremely comfortable
on they have this expandable thing like
all over your headphones should have
it's a little cushioned up here and then
here you can see it's like an entire
cushion or running the thing around the
the earpiece I guess then here it's got
like they're rectangular noodle I guess
a cord rather than the circle ones on
most headphones and and then it just
leads to standard 3.5 millimeter
headphone jack it doesn't have like a
microphone or anything like that but
yeah sorry that this wasn't a full
unboxing like I wished it would be
because my stupid phone ran out of space
um just barely like five seconds if I
would have had five more seconds of
space that I could have done it but I
didn't um so yeah next time I do an
unboxing I'll make sure that i actually
have enough space on my phone for
however long it would take and I'll
probably have a review up on of these up
in a few weeks once i get to really use
them and test them so yeah thanks for
watching and be sure to subscribe peace